README.md, before:

## A Dockerfile for the [ArchiveTeam Warrior](http://www.archiveteam.org/index.php?title=ArchiveTeam_Warrior)

![Warrior logo](http://www.archiveteam.org/images/thumb/f/f3/Archive_team.png/235px-Archive_team.png)
![Docker logo](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/79/Docker_%28container_engine%29_logo.png)

Build, run, grab the container IP and access the web interface on port 8001.

Available as a Trusted Build on the index as [`archiveteam/warrior-dockerfile`](https://index.docker.io/u/archiveteam/warrior-dockerfile/) so you can just

```
docker pull archiveteam/warrior-dockerfile
# run without -d to follow the warrior install process
# you will need to detach or stop-and-start the container.
# use -p to bind port 8001 on the docker container 
# (default ip 172.17.0.x) to port 8001 on localhost.
docker run [-d] [-p 8001:8001] archiveteam/warrior-dockerfile

# Restart on reboot automatically by just running:
docker run --detach \
  --publish 8001:8001 \
  --restart always \
  archiveteam/warrior-dockerfile
```

To access the web interface get the container IP from `docker inspect` and point your browser to `http://IP:8001`. If you are running this container on a headless machine, be sure to bind the docker container's port to a port on that machine (e.g. `-p 8001:8001`) so that you can access the web interface on your LAN.

You can stop and resume the Warrior with `docker stop` and `docker start`

Commit message:

README: highlight this is an alternative command with behavior after reboot

README.md, after:

## A Dockerfile for the [ArchiveTeam Warrior](http://www.archiveteam.org/index.php?title=ArchiveTeam_Warrior)

![Warrior logo](http://www.archiveteam.org/images/thumb/f/f3/Archive_team.png/235px-Archive_team.png)
![Docker logo](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/79/Docker_%28container_engine%29_logo.png)

Build, run, grab the container IP and access the web interface on port 8001.

Available as a Trusted Build on the index as [`archiveteam/warrior-dockerfile`](https://index.docker.io/u/archiveteam/warrior-dockerfile/) so you can just

```
docker pull archiveteam/warrior-dockerfile
# run without -d to follow the warrior install process
# you will need to detach or stop-and-start the container.
# use -p to bind port 8001 on the docker container 
# (default ip 172.17.0.x) to port 8001 on localhost.
docker run [-d] [-p 8001:8001] archiveteam/warrior-dockerfile
```

If you prefer to just run the process in the background, and automatically start it again after machine reboot, use this instead:

``` shell-interaction
docker run --detach \
  --publish 8001:8001 \
  --restart always \
  archiveteam/warrior-dockerfile
```

To access the web interface get the container IP from `docker inspect` and point your browser to `http://IP:8001`. If you are running this container on a headless machine, be sure to bind the docker container's port to a port on that machine (e.g. `-p 8001:8001`) so that you can access the web interface on your LAN.

You can stop and resume the Warrior with `docker stop` and `docker start`
